README.md, before:

# [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Johnnycyan/cyan-chat/main/src/img/CyanChat40.webp)](#) Cyan Chat [![GitHub version](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v2.3.4-blue)](#) [![Website giambaj.it](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/https/giambaj.it.svg)](https://www.giambaj.it/twitch/jchat/) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Johnnycyan/cyan-chat)](https://github.com/Johnnycyan/cyan-chat/blob/main/LICENSE)

**Cyan Chat** (A fork of JChat) is an overlay that allows you to show your Twitch chat on screen with OBS, XSplit, and any other streaming software that supports browser sources. It supports your [**BetterTTV**](https://betterttv.com/), [**FrankerFaceZ**](https://www.frankerfacez.com/) and [**7TV**](https://7tv.app/) emotes, always at the best available quality. You have many options to customize your chat, like enabling a smooth animation for new messages, or fading old ones after some time. If you have a chat full of !gamble addicts, you can choose to hide bots and commands messages. It also comes with many fonts and styling options that can be combined as desired.
### The app will be up and running soon.

## Features
- 7TV, BTTV and FFZ emotes support
- Custom channel badges
- Lots of fonts and styling options
- Twitter emojis
- 7TV, BTTV, FFZ, FFZ:AP and Chatterino user badges (on/off)
- 7TV Name Paints
- Smooth animation (on/off)
- Fade old messages (on/off)
- Hide bots messages (on/off)
- Hide commands messages (on/off)
- `!chat refresh` to make newly added emotes appear (mods only)
- `!chat reload` to reload the chat source (mods only)

Commit message:

Added robust 7tv personal emotes
Also wtf is the 7tv api? Why does everyone have 2 extra NNYS 2023 sets regardless if they participated or not and only if you have THREE of them do you actually own the set. wtf

README.md, after:

# [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Johnnycyan/cyan-chat/main/src/img/CyanChat40.webp)](#) Cyan Chat [![GitHub version](https://img.shields.io/badge/release-v2.3.4-blue)](#) [![Website giambaj.it](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/https/giambaj.it.svg)](https://www.giambaj.it/twitch/jchat/) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Johnnycyan/cyan-chat)](https://github.com/Johnnycyan/cyan-chat/blob/main/LICENSE)

**Cyan Chat** (A fork of JChat) is an overlay that allows you to show your Twitch chat on screen with OBS, XSplit, and any other streaming software that supports browser sources. It supports your [**BetterTTV**](https://betterttv.com/), [**FrankerFaceZ**](https://www.frankerfacez.com/) and [**7TV**](https://7tv.app/) emotes, always at the best available quality. You have many options to customize your chat, like enabling a smooth animation for new messages, or fading old ones after some time. If you have a chat full of !gamble addicts, you can choose to hide bots and commands messages. It also comes with many fonts and styling options that can be combined as desired.
### The app will be up and running soon.

## Features
- 7TV, BTTV and FFZ emotes support
- Websocket for 7TV emotes for instant emote addition/deletion/renaming
- Custom channel badges
- Lots of fonts and styling options
- Twitter emojis
- 7TV Name Paints and Personal Emotes
- Colored mentions with Twitch color or 7TV Paint color
- 7TV, BTTV, FFZ, FFZ:AP and Chatterino user badges (on/off)
- Smooth animation (on/off)
- Fade old messages (on/off)
- Hide bots messages (on/off)
- Hide commands messages (on/off)
- `!chat refresh` to force newly added emotes to appear if there was an issue (mods only)
- `!chat reload` to reload the chat source (mods only)
